let's talk about this Ferrari why is the
story so unusual it was in a garage in
Southern California and as typically
happens in that area this time of year
you had a wildfire that went through a
neighborhood car was in the garage house
was on fire and then it happened to have
a living quarter above the garage which
fell on the car after the building was
compromised and after that the rest of
the car burned everything that you see
here that was not made of steel was gone
okay an inner mpi well when we got it
everybody basically walked around in
scratch their heads where do we start
well you start collecting all the pieces
that are that are easy to come by you
can get wheels you can get tires you can
get brake components stuff like that a
lot of the stuff we make in-house big
challenges windshield windshield trim
but the biggest challenge involves we
need to we need to bring the shape of
the car back to the way it was when it
rolled out of the factory but we don't
want to replace these panels this rare
car there are many of them that you
start replacing panels then it doesn't
be kids it's not retained so what we did
is we scanned the sister car digitally
created a wooden buck and then we were
able to remove the metal panels through
factory seems we hammer them reshape
them with our polar amber
field and bag and hammer and then we
rebelled them back on the original
factory pendant farina seams and there
you go we have been able to retain a
75-percent of the original vehicle what
about the engine the engine while the
engine was a bit of a trick it was still
there we had we had a little bit of an
imbalance out of line we were able to
lime board the block and it's it's still
the original number cortical
numbers-matching we have the original
engine regional transmission original
differential all that was able to be
saved but with a little bit of work yeah
no kidding inside it's absolutely
gorgeous you did the upholstery correct
we do all the upholstery on house and
you did the top yep yep we do basically
the really the only thing that we can't
match do in-house is plating and that's
strictly because it's just it's just not
worth of course to do let somebody else
worry about that yeah so you talked
about the bumper you send that out to a
chrome plate we can we can make the
bumper we can make the trim they like if
you look at the windshield the
windshield is made out of about thirteen
different components out of brass that
we had we had to scan off of that sister
car we had to CNC machine and then curl
have chrome plated that's absolutely
incredible this car is gorgeous tell me
a little bit more about the car the PF
what is that PF it's it's kind of a
nickname for up and in Farina that was
the coach builder at the time when
Ferrari when they were making cars they
would make they were they made the
chassis the engine the drive line and
then they would farm the coach works out
as it was called to Zagat Oh pininfarina
scagliotti ghia touring there were some
of the other bigger names and they would
they would clothe the car they would put
the all the electricals they put on all
the trim they put on they painted the
car they put the body on and they put
the interior on it so it was a
collaboration with a lot of really very
very talented people now this thing was
burned I imagine the wiring harness was
like toast odd it was a bundle of copper
basically thankfully we have a lot of
very very experienced technicians that
are able to recreate that water harness
down to the last last color tracer on on
the US you create the harness correct
you don't buy from a supplier now you
can we are the supplier okay and and I
I noticed the same Department something
about coils what is that uh yeah well we
make our own ignition coils they are
serviceable as well there-there
period-correct b5 b7 magneti marelli
we've started there we plan to expand
from further from those but yeah that
it's it's something that you you really
can't buy anymore and nobody makes them
I'm magneti marelli is obviously still
in business making components from
modern cars but they don't make those
coils so we make them now you said some
about the distinctive wheel on the
Ferrari what is that oh the Barrani
wheel yeah yeah in the in the case of
this this vehicle it in some of the
pictures you'll note you the before
picture you'll see a pile of spokes a
hub knock off that you know the stuff
that's actually made out of steel but
the aluminum wheel that that the tire
mounts you that was gone so luckily we
have a partnership with Barrani up of
italy and we're able to refit the
correct wheels that are go with this car
that's a sinus on your Lobby berardi
America's correct we are we are the
authorized dealer for North Central and
Southern America boy beautiful car what
a job you ever dream had been burned out
and crushed yeah it on you it was
thankfully it went from scratching our
heads to just putting our noses down
getting it done